{"queenhadassah": "Sorry you're going through that. Sounds extremely frustrating...if it were me, even if I were getting better, I definitely would want to know I had it so I could know if I was immune going forward. I don't understand why we can't test the way South Korea is", "motherofcrocodiles": "Same here. My father is diabetic. I am worried about him. It's frustrating that people are not taking it seriously.", "HereticHousewife": "My husband and I are middle aged (him 43, me 49) we both take immunosuppressants for autoimmune diseases  and both have other chronic medical conditions (well controlled though). We saw our rheumatologist for a routine follow up a week ago and talked to her about our medications and Coronavirus risks. She said we are at increased risk for contracting it and developing complications due to the medications (same with any illness) but doesn't believe our lives are in danger because we're under 60, have healthy hearts and lungs, are reasonably healthy, and our other chronic medical conditions are well controlled. The problem is, there isn't much information about how people like us react to the infection. It's too new. So there's no way to know how sick we would get. We have both managed bad colds, random viruses, and bronchitis just fine, but that doesn't mean much as this disease is new. Still, when we get sick we get better fairly quickly and that is encouraging. Our immune systems are still functioning. We've been advised to follow diligent hand washing protocol, use hand sanitizer when out of the house, avoid crowds, and limit exposure to people in general. My husband works in an office but I am a housewife. He is being very diligent about hand washing and if things get worse he can work from home at least part of the week. Our doctor said not to stop or alter our medication schedule, as of now the risk of complications from the autoimmune diseases outweighs the increased risks of Coronavirus. We started staying in more. Not going to crowded entertainment venues, shopping only for necessities at off peak times, making as few shopping trips as possible. Cooking almost all meals at home, not eating in restaurants, takeout only  once or twice a week. My husband isn't taking public transportation at all. The problem is that where we live, there is no general population testing. Only people who are in direct prolonged contact with confirmed cases (on the same trip, spouses, etc...) and people with symptoms who have traveled to high risk areas. So yeah, no idea how widespread community transmission is here. Can't confirm what you aren't testing for! We're definitely concerned, but trying to stay calm, as anxiety itself weakens the immune system.", "FrugalChef13": ">How can I support them without being intrusive or coming across like a loon?\n\nIt is extraordinarily difficult to help someone who does not want to be helped.  That's the case when your friend is abusing drugs, or making terrible financial decisions, or planning to travel to a place impacted by a serious contagious illness.  It sucks, I get that you're scared for your friends, but unless someone is willing to admit there's a problem they're unlikely to accept your help.  I wish I had better advice, but I don't cause I'm in the same boat and it's not a fun boat to be in.", "covquiza": "I don't have an answer. I'm trying as well. I think some are slowly realizing, but it's too slow and often as a \"others should do this\" mentality rather than a \"I should change my plans\" one. I have realized some (like me) just aren't speaking irl much except in private. \n\nWith travel, you really can't convince people. The most is trying to get them to stay as sanitized as possible. They say, well, I'll be fine. They don't get it. I spoke with someone who is traveling to a place where they'll be quarantined and unable to enter the country for longer than they plan to be there. They think they'll be fine getting into the country. \n\nNobody other than the chronically ill and those who have followed this seem to understand their risk - or potential to pass to others. I've spoken to people in high risk categories who say they are low risk. There are still people thinking it's like the flu or that confirmed cases are an accurate representation. \n\nThis is what happens when we get so bogged down with daily life and trying to make it through and so apathetic to atrocities. We also get apathetic to stuff that will directly and closely hit us, because it's lumped in with the rest. \n\nWhat I've done is prepare expecting that those I care about who aren't listening will need help. So I'm prepared for a couple months for my immediate family, because I expect that it'll really be more than twice that needing assistance. At least I know I've done what I can for them.", "confusedblubber124": "i have been thinking the same things. the only thing i can do right now is hope and pray that a breakthrough happens, and that we can go back to living our lives. \n\nthis has made me think of just how much i take my life and resources for granted :(", "TheFantasticAspic": "No because immunity would come from your immune system recognizing the specific pathogen.  You might be immune to whatever virus or bacteria caused your pneumonia in the past, but this one is completely new so no one is immune."}