{"Vegetable-Chain": "I\u2019ve been reading MANY articles on this, and it seems that every expert/professional states that at some point the virus will sizzle out. I read somewhere else that in approximately 44 days it\u2019ll peak then die out. The reason schools are closing is because they\u2019re trying to prevent it from spreading, NOT because it is everywhere you go. It won\u2019t last forever, the human race has been through horrible tragedies and they weren\u2019t the end of the world \ud83e\udd70\n\n(Me writing this made me feel better as well, lol)", "sendmeyourcatsbeans": "China and South Korea seem to be containing it and numbers are very much improved from even 2 weeks ago. This gives me hope. Italy seems to be the outlier here. I know its not much but I buy a ton of stuff on ebay from china (phone cases and stuff) and for a while there was 0 movement in my orders, but now they are picking up again, and things seem to be returning to order a little bit. I think this will run its course, things will get drastically different for a month and then work itself out. News from the USA and Italy seems drastic. I'm sorry that Trump is making this so much worse. Misinfornation and the unknown is what is scary.", "ShadyPinesMa104": "I too feel like I could have written this. I have one toddler and my husband is an ICU healthcare provider and I work for a large company where people travel in and out often. I'm terrified. I am so scared I can hardly keep it together. I try to remind myself of the positive statistics, especially for children.", "_haligirl98_": "I feel like I just read my own thoughts. Recently recovered from a HA episode that lasts at the first 3 weeks of February and had about 1 week off and now all this is coming up. Not coping well.", "HereticHousewife": "I live in an area with very high tree pollen counts this time of year so I deal with a minor allergy to that. And every spring I come down with some mystery respiratory illness that lingers until mid-summer that's thought to be related to seasonal industrial emissions in the area. So I'm dealing with my usual springtime hack and cough mess and hoping it doesn't turn into bronchitis this year. I'm staying in more, so so far so good. I'm watching for unusual symptoms and changes in symptoms like a fever. But yeah, it's frustrating when it's already the season for respiratory problems.", "rhinocerousfeet": "Yes! I live in a county where 8 cases have been confirmed, many of them within a couple of miles of me, in places I am very familiar with. 2 days ago i came down with a fever (99 - 101) and that\u2019s it. no sore throat, no cough, no chills, no chest pains. I have interactions with a select group every day and none of them, including myself, have had any contact with the infected and they aren\u2019t showing signs of being sick at all. I think I am safe, but i\u2019m terrified. Sometimes, I think too much and I start imagining more symptoms, like my chest tightening and struggling to breath. I\u2019m so glad I am not alone.", "Leahthekid28": "I may not get married. My wedding is April 11. I stressed about looking perfect and every little thing but I never wanted a wedding---I wanted to elope.\nIf this gets cancelled I'm not going to postpone. I'm going to skip it", "sqrtoiler": "It seems to me like right now is a really rough period for anxiety.  \n\nPeople who are informed know of the potential dangers of the virus, but the complacency is still high enough that they will be required (either socially or professionally) to take silly risks like travelling in airplanes (large metal pitri dish tubes).\n\nIronically, if things were *worse*, others would have already been forced *the hard way* to realize the risks and dangers of not being proactive.  This way, anxiety might actually *lessen* because social and professional pressure to take stupid risks will be lowered (again, the hard way).\n\nI'm not saying it would be better all around for things to be manifestly worse, but if things *were* worse you wouldn't have silly nonsense like social pressure to be a passenger on airplanes.\n\nWe are in an awkward middle period where the highly informed are (correctly, in my not-so-humble opinion) scared into their wits but are still being pressured to engage in *silly* obligations by people who are uneducated about the virus.", "N4ilbyt3r": "It can be 'anyone', why specifically mention Asian? The virus sees no colour or religion. Anyone can be infected and not necessarily only those who cough and sneeze. Most people that went on to spread to others are usually the ones with no symptoms at all. Since they have no symptoms, they don't wear masks and thus unknowingly spread the virus.\n\nEveryone is scared (Asians alike) but your comments when read by narrow minds can possibly heightened anger and hatred against Asians and by the word Asians, you are lumping all Asian countries together.\n\n>(It didn't help there was a really nasty Asian guy a meter away from me at the Starbucks I went to after work, he was sniffing and dry coughing like there was no tomorrow, if he does indeed have the corona there probably won't be one for him, I was so scared and I wished there was some way I could've gotten him removed so he could stop infecting other people). \n\nSeems to me you said it on purpose especially the part where you wished there was some way you can remove him.", "julesjules76": "Just remember to stay positive and just keep thinking: If you've got it, your body's going \"WTF is this? Whose friends are these? They're not our friends. We've never seen these dudes before. Who are these guys? They were not invited to the party. Let's get rid of them. We don't like 'em. They suck. They're boring. And then when they leave, we'll lock the doors so they don't come back.\" \n\nSo the best thing that you can do is help your body push the party crashers out the door and lock it so they don't come crashing the party again. :) Feel better soon!", "idc32": "Well today I had to work with my coworkers all day who were coughing and sneezing. Stressing me out!", "chessman6500": "I\u2019m doing good, a bit nervous but I\u2019m 27 and not in a high risk group. I\u2019m also healthy but thin, so being thin concerns me. \n\nIl more worried for my parents, my dad with a cardiovascular issue and my mom with diabetes. I hope they pull through fine. \n\nI was also making myself laugh thinking about how people made such a big deal about the 2009 H1N1 because that pandemic has got to be the lamest pandemic ever. We were all lucky that time and I realized that strain actually had less of a mortality than even seasonal flu. It made me feel a little bit better thinking about that pandemic. I also remember a vaccine was quickly produced for that pandemic as opposed to this one which may have choked off its spread. Nothing in my state closed or shut down for that outbreak, I remember going to school and everything.", "Snannybobo": "I have some friends that are in denial too. I just got told by one of them that I was mansplaining to her because she was saying it was just like the common flu and there was no reason to make a deal about it. It's kind of offensive actually, I care about her and the rest of the group I was talking to and to get told I was mansplaining because I was trying to provide advice on how to stay safe just rubs me the wrong way. I've seen lots of people arguing with their friends on Twitter and such and there seems to be a big wave of disinformation that is causing people to think it's no big deal. My father is also in denial, and doesn't wash his hands as much as he should. He is more worried about money than anything else, as I imagine many working class people are. \n\nWe shouldn't panic, but this many people being in denial is cause for concern and could lead to quicker spread of the virus. Something has to be done about the misinformation.", "halupki": "I\u2019m over in Berks and have been pretty stressed in general. Not many here are taking it seriously, but our schools have communicated with us that basically they will close when the time comes. I hope that is true. My work also seems to be getting ready to have us work from home. \n\nAnyway, try not to stress. It\u2019s easier said than done, I know. I can\u2019t sleep most nights. I\u2019m 37 and healthy, but still. Scary af."}