{"emmanaenae": "Wow.  I never thought about health anxiety, but yes, that makes so much sense.  I always thought I was the only one that worried about brain tumors and cancer all the time. One of my grandmothers died of an aneurysm, and the other from emphysema from smoking, so my brain and lungs have always been the centers of my worries.", "dmk721": "I\u2019m freaking out too.  Trying so hard to change my mindset.  Sending hugs \ud83d\udc97", "butterfliesarefree2": "Yes it\u2019s scary but we need to calm down a bit. I went down the rabbit hole and almost gave myself a heart attack. My family and friends were thinking I\u2019m bonkers. So I understand your fear. The thing we all have to remember is that we don\u2019t have control over this and the media and people trying to make a buck off fear mongering is in full swing so it\u2019s only adding to the stress. You must disengage from media and remember what is meant to be will be. This really is not the end of the world stuff altho it feels like it when people are panic shopping etc. You have no control over who gets it and how it plays out. I had to limit my media exposure to an hour max a day because it\u2019s everywhere on internet so I\u2019m constantly reminded when I\u2019m trying to stay centred. Worrying like this makes us more susceptible to getting sick because your cortisol is on overdrive right now. We all need to find peace, do self care (guided meditations, eat right, yoga, exercise, tea, relaxing bath etc). Watch funny Netflix shows/stand up comedy. Write in a gratitude journal. We have to remember all we have is this moment. Everyone I\u2019m around is telling me it\u2019s not as bad as it seems, so then I just let go and relax and try to find joy in my day. Worrying is a total waste of energy, it literally does nothing but bring more negative stuff into your life. I stocked up food/water/toiletries/meds before the panic so that I could relax. It was a lot of money I needed for other things but for my peace of mind, I spent. So I\u2019m more relaxed now and trying to pretend it\u2019s not really happening because until and IF something bad happens to loved ones or myself then I need to trust I can deal with it. I\u2019ll find a way because that\u2019s the only choice. This is a \u2018spiritual lesson\u2019 in learning to \u201clet go\u201d. I don\u2019t know if this helps but I hope a bit. Hugs to you. \ud83d\ude4f\ud83e\udd8b\u2764\ufe0f", "CreativeDesignation": "First of all: You are not alone :) It is normal to worry or even be really anxious in an event like this, don\u00b4t feel bad about yourself just because you are stressed by the situation :)\n\nAlso keep doing, what you are doing, by posting this: Seek out other people, who might also be scared and seek their advice on how to deal with that. Find a community that takes your concerns seriously and can calm you down without dismissing your concerns.\n\nFor me the worst thing are people, who tell me I have no reason to worry, because I know that is simply not true and so I have trouble taking anything else they tell me seriously. \n\nI\u00b4m not sure if my approach is helpfull for you, but maybe you can take away some things from my experiences.\n\nI totally get how you feel, I have not left my home within the last week except in order to buy crucial supplies and lots of them. Having a lot of non perishable food and even water stocked at home now actually calms me down :) It is probably not necessary at all, but beeing prepared for a worst case scenario has given me some peace of mind :)\n\nFor me, more information actually did the trick in calming me down. I was spiraling downwards for a couple of days and most of the news did not help with that. I tried to not look at the news at all, to calm down, but that just made me feel like I was sitting in sinking ship and ignoring everything around me.\n\nIf you are somewhat familiar with reading scientific papers, I would suggest you get some of your information from those instead of from the news. They are way more objective and don\u00b4t use any scary clickbaity headlines. It can be somewhat hard to get into that kind of literature, if you are unfamiliar with scientific language, but I think it might be worth it. There are also some pretty good summaries of scientific case studies on r/COVID19 and r/Coronavirus, aswell as updates on the developement of medications.\n\nIf any kind of information on the virus is scary to you right now, even the one with a positive outlook, don\u00b4t read beyond this paragraph. Instead try to occupie yourself with pleasent things. Make a list of things you enjoy and then try to do something from that list if you need  to take your mind of things. Making the list itself can actually already be calming :)   For me those things include: watching my favorite TV series, taking a hot bath, cuddling with my cat, painting, baking a cake or riding my bike through the forest. It can really be anything that you personally enjoy :) And most importantly: Never forget that you are not alone! There is always people out there, who can help you :) Best wishes to you and stay strong :)\n\n&#x200B;\n\n&#x200B;\n\nReading a couple of studies on the topic has actually led me to believe, they are way more cases of COVID19 currently out there than reported. While this sounds scary at first, it also means, that the mortality rate of the virus might actually be much lower, than is currently estimated. It might also mean, that the amount of cases with no symptoms or very mild symptoms is probably much bigger, than we currently think. Bottom line, the virus is probably less dangerous than we assume right now.\n\nUnderstanding this from my own research and not just having people tell me, that it\u00b4s gonne be fine, has helped me a great deal.", "pw6969": "I feel you man. Im not that worried about myself, and I hate people telling me ''IT ONLY HURTS THE OLD OR WEAK PEOPLE''. Im like WTF, all these people were humans too and they had families and friends. My mother is also vurnerable (Diabetes, cigarettes, and yes I am pushing her to quit.) Im like you, concerned about my mother and I think and hope most of us younger people here are.\n\nHope  your parents get well and stay that way.\n\n(gives a hug)", "Jellis03": "I get the same way. You have to try to limit how much of this bad news you look at. You are scaring yourself to death. I\u2019m the same way right now so I know how hard it is. The media tends to focus on the negative stories because they get more views, which gets them more money. It is a very small fraction of the world at the moment who has this virus. Just try to be mindful of keeping your hands clean and not being around people who are coughing or seem to be sick. \n\nTry taking a walk too when you feel overwhelmed. That seems to calm my mind a bit.", "Book8": "Ya it is weird. I bring it up and my friends tune out. This reminds me of the gasoline shortage back when I was young. Everybody was cool about it...until they weren't and then all hell broke loose. People waiting in lines for hours and tempers were short. It seemed to go crazy overnight. So get to the GD market and stock up.", "scalett72": "When the CDC said time to prepare and have 2-3 weeks of food. When has the government been right??? I don't care what my friends think or family. When my sister comes knocking how do you say no. And I quote \"No worse than the flu.\" Grr .1 percent is less the 2 percent. Since I love her I have planned accordingly.", "GoldfishFromTatooine": "I'm the same. Constant fear. I'm nearly 34, mild asthma mainly cough a lot when I've got a cold. In spite of my asthma I used to smoke while drinking  and I am a recovering alcoholic so I was drinking a lot.    \n\nI have health anxiety and OCD. Never been so afraid. Like a nightmare I can't wake up from. I don't know what to do.", "Cruxisshadow": "I can\u2019t post yet so I\u2019ll just post my worries here to try and get some piece of mind. I\u2019m the kind of person who tends to get stress and anxiety attacks easily but I\u2019m not sure for this one. I\u2019ve been having mild chest pain and some heavy breathing but I\u2019m not coughing really and I can still move around pretty easily. I\u2019ve been religious with washing my hands and everything and I\u2019m 29, kinda overweight but not in any horrible shape. I haven\u2019t been around anyone whose traveling to China recently either, am I safe to just assume this is panic or should I just keep an eye on things and get tested if things get worse? Sorry for the stupid question if this is one, I\u2019m just paranoid.", "worryingwalrus": "After I got my preps in order I felt much better but if you do get sick, it will be from some random reason that you can't control.  If you get sick, you may die. If you die, well, you're dead. There's not much else to worry about.", "meridaville": "I hear you. I wouldnt mind staying home for 1 month. I got netflix, a home gym, books to read, etc. \n\nI dont have the luxury to work from home but I aint going to work if they tell me to. Fuck it, id rather lose my job then lose my life.", "jenniferfox98": "It doesn't just cause lung damage to everyone, the reports about things like \"ground glass opacity\" or serious damage to the lungs from things like a cytokine storm are found in the patients who are in critical condition.  So far, there is no evidence that the majority of people who catch this (the around 83% so far) suffer serious, or really any lung damage.  I can't speak to the ~15% or so that have a \"severe\" case, but as far I can tell that would mostly require oxygen therapies and might cause some damage, but serious damage from hypoxemia would probably push you into the \"critical\" category.  Stop going to China_Flu and coronavirus, and instead go to /r/COVID19 for accurate information from reliable sources, not asshats on reddit who fearmonger and spread claims with no sources.", "Ambientmaple": "I\u2019ve been trying to comment this a lot lately. If you are scared of this, DO NOT, go to r/coronavirus or r/China_Flu you will not be calmed down by visiting those. Visiting those, will make your anxiety worse.", "spidersandcaffeine": "For me, it's the amount of time I'd have to take off work. I had \"Swine Flu\" when it first came over and it was so horrible that I think that's the closest I've ever come to death. Being sick doesn't scare me, but I am on the verge of poverty and having to take that much time off work would be detrimental to my future.", "voter1126": "There might be short term shortages of things, week or less, if there are runs on all the stores in a geographic area. There is some slack built into the supply pipeline from china because of using freighters and everything having to go through ports. Any supply problems will be short lived. The only reason to prep is if you need to self quarantine or you just don't want to have to deal with people acting stupid when it gets to your area. I figure that when it hits in my area it will be like black friday and the forcasting of the first snow storm rolled into one and I would just as soon stay home and watch it on the news.", "PennyLaneway": "I am having the same problems with worry and fear.\nI learned too much about everything and instead of being blissfully ignornant like eveyone else, I am sick to my stomach over this. \nMy biggest fear is both my husband and i falling sick, and there is no one to care for my toddler and kindergardener.\n\nI cant keep living depressed and fearful. Its going to lower my immune system. Ive decided that starting today, i need to make changes.\nI havent been able to eat for a week due to worry. Today im going to force myself to stop skipping meals, and eat healthy nutrient rich foods.\nI am going to focus on getting 8 hours of sleep per day. I am going to take my multivitimin and research if there's anything else i can do to boost immunity, for me and everyone in the household. I am going to try to stop thinking about this sp much and enjoy every day as much as possible. I know i will regret not enjoying this precious time, if things get bad. Worry and fear and anxiety and depression are bad for the body. Take comfort in the fact that you are informed and prepared, focus on being good to your body, limit worry to maybe 20 mins a day, and then do your best to move on and focus on things that bring you joy. Understand that you are not alone and the whole world is dealing with this too. We cant control the outcome but we can control today. People who are positive usually fare better. I have to remember this.\nSorry for the word jumble. In a rush and wanted to write down my thoughts. Thank you for posting here.", "BojanglesFinest": "I have come to the conclusion I am doing all I can to not catch this. I am keeping social distance even at work. I am cleaning my hands and being conscience of touching myself. However if I get it I get it. And if I die I die. I\u2019m about 95% confident I won\u2019t get it and 99% confident I won\u2019t die. But at this point I just care they my wife and daughter don\u2019t get it or get it bad. I have life insurance. They can make it without me. I can\u2019t make it without either of them. Unfortunately what it takes to get through this is a community caring. But at this point I\u2019m just going to be like the rest of Americans and say fuck everyone but mine and not care about them. They don\u2019t care enough to help contain this.", "Novemberx123": "Thank god. My biggest fear was knowing that I\u2019m going to get a call from my little sisters sick and scared, wanting there big brother there with them and me knowing there\u2019s nothing I can do. Thank god thank god thank god that won\u2019t be the case.", "flutterbyasaurus": "Thank you. I can't tell you how much I needed this. I've been in panic mode because my 10yo has really bad asthma and I can't stop thinking \"what if he gets it and there's no room at the hospital for him\".", "Codeskii": "Yeah, I work for Harris Tester as a Cashier, and I'm terrified. We are completely out of soaps and sanitizers, and running low on Lysol, and I'm terrified, I don't know what to do. Sending hugs.\u2764\u2764", "CandyappleWinter": "I work in a casino hotel with people coming in every day from God knows where! They're posted signs about the virus in the back of the house, but that's about it. Nothing indicative about possibly contracting the virus from an incubating person though. Just the, \"oh There aren't any cases around here. Wash your hands frequently ect blah blah blah. \" Really?", "badcompanyy": "honestly i think youre better off in an area that is handling the outbreak well. the numbers havent risen much, which means they are likely at a point of containment. worse to be in areas that don't know what their dealing with yet/public is unaware of the seriousness/no structure in place yet to deal with cases. sounds like you're going to be just fine going home!", "Chaithecat": "I realize that even if I quarantine myself and prepare for the worst,  my husband is an emt so he will still have to work if we have an outbreak here. So I can't avoid it. I can just do my best to be healthy and careful", "Chuzac1499": "Get off the sub immediately i know its hard but its toxic for your mental health."}